Clean up syntax documentation (#26377)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/bounds/VariableOldValueBounds.md

# VariableOldValueBounds

!syntax description /Bounds/VariableOldValueBounds

## Description

`VariableOldValueBounds` is used to set the bound for `bounded_variable` to be its old value. The bound type of `upper` or `lower` is set with `bound_type` parameter. `VariableOldValueBounds` expects a `variable` parameter to be set (as do all `AuxKernels`). This can be a dummy
`AuxVariable`; the `VariableOldValueBounds` actually operates on `NumericVectors` held by the
nonlinear system and does nothing but return 0 for the value of the specified
`variable`.

Note that in order for these bounds to have an effect, the user has to specify the

> PETSc options `-snes_type vinewtonssls` or `-snes_type vinewtonrsls`. A warning will be generated if neither options are specified. MOOSE users can also specify bound with a constant using [`ConstantBounds`](/ConstantBounds.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PETSc options `-snes_type vinewtonssls` or `-snes_type vinewtonrsls`. A warning will be generated if neither option is specified. MOOSE users can also specify bound with a constant using [`ConstantBounds`](/ConstantBounds.md).
```
